Update journald instruction for log collection (#3899)
DataDog/documentation: content/logs/log_collection/_index.md

    path: /var/log/journal/
```

> Refer to the [journald integration][2] documentation for more details regarding the setup for containerised environment and units filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [journald integration][2] documentation for more details regarding the setup for containerized environments and units filtering.
```
